* When starting Level 2 play, the preview was initially intended to just tell the user which birds will be in play. You added the ability to additionally preview the bird SOUND, which is great, but perhaps misleading on Level 2 (variations) b/c we are still only playing the canonical sound for each bird. Should we 1) allow sound previews only on Level 1? 2) Clarify that only the canonical sounds are presented, and that as a real birder, you can learn more "out in the field" during play? 3) Something else?

* When playing with the expanded pack, if you select, say, Level 1, you get the preview of the 9 birds that will be in-play during that round (which is good), but then when you hit Ready to Play (by the way, the Ready to Play button is kind of hidden at the bottom of the screen, and that needs to move to the top, or be made visible otherwise), you are presented with the old play screen that still shows circles for ALL 27 birds. I think that the expected behavior should be that hitting Ready to Play starts the round with the 9 birds shown on the previous screen, not that you have to again see all the birds in the pack and then hit Start Round.

* When continuous play is turned ON, I see that the timer counts up instead of down, which is good, but game play still ends after 30 seconds, but the timer just keeps counting up with no birds playing. 

* Custom pack isn't working correctly. When you click Create Custom Pack, the picking seems to work fine. Then, you click Play with 9 Birds, you get shown the Start Round gameplay page, but the birds shown on the bottom of the screen seem to just be the birds from the 5 Common Backyard Birds pack, not the ones selected. If some of the 9 birds you selected are among the 5 common birds, then during play, you only see the subset of common birds among the 9 (so maybe you'd only see NOCA and AMCR). If none of the Common birds are among the 9 you selected, then play begins with just all 5 of the Common birds. 
